A publisher would,
would,
uh,
support an author through three,
four,
five books,
thinking eventually something's going to hit.
This guy's got talent eventually.
And so as an investment now they expect you to have your own platform.
You're an access to media.
You sometimes they're asking authors to hire their own editors,
their own publicists,
right,
Hailey?
Yeah,
but they still get all the money.
They still get the same,
the contract.
Then the ratios are the same.
So it's like,
yeah,
that's why I say it's like a Napster kind of thing.
Yeah.
It's at the point now where it's like,
wait a minute,
if I got a platform,
I got access to media,
I'm hiring my own editor.
Why?
Why am I giving you creative control?
And 92% of the fucking revenue.
It's a strange business.
That is a strange business.
Essentially what they have is credibility.
So if you self publish or publish with some independent publisher,
the,
the New York Times isn't going to review it or you know.
No.
Wow.
Because it's a very insular world.
Well,
that's crazy.
If it's a book that takes off,
then a publisher will come in and buy.
So like 50 shades of gray that was self published.
I wonder why.
Yeah,
but look what happens.
Yeah.
They found they tapped into a market.
A chick,
the lights get spit on.
Right.
There are a lot of them.
There's a lot of them.
I don't know about their hood on,
but certainly yoked.
Yeah,
smacked around by a billionaire.
good looking.
Good looking guy with low carb gold,
heart of gold.
But he likes to spit in your mouth and then she,
and then ultimately he'll see the light and and of course he'll be tank course.
That's fantasy.
That's the fairy tale.
That's what everybody wants.
See,
that's why I was saying earlier,
I've got this idea,
I was talking to Duncan about this the other night.
I've got this idea to write an erotic memoir,
but that'll sort of be like my last book because at that point I'll have burned
all the bridges.
You'll be the only person who would ever your interview be after that.
I think I was planning for it to come out around my 60th birthday and it will be
called an old manifesto.
It's just have you changed the names of people?
Oh No.
I'm not worried about the people.
I'm not going to hurt anyone in the bush.
It's more just about,
you know how many people you fucked to.
People find out the truth.
Dude,
you're going to become legendary this study though,
but it's not a book about how much I got laid.
It's not an,
it's not a book about how cool I am.
It's a book about the amazing things I've learned in sexual situations and that
the world is so different from what people think,
how
there's just so many things going on that mainstream people can't imagine.
Like,
I mean,
I was in college the first time a man told me he would be happy for me to have
sex with his wife
and it wasn't a kinky weird thing.
It was like,
I'm not doing it.
She's wonderful.
I noticed that you guys like each other.
I just want you to know it's cool with me.
Wow.
That's the first time.
Since then there's probably been,
I don't know,
half a thousand or something.
Um,
mothers like,
would you please have sex with my daughter?
Cause she really,
you know,
there is a good one.
But generally it's because she didn't like the boyfriend always.
Yeah.
So it's was like,
well you show my daughter,
like there's a world out there that she doesn't know about.
Yeah,
there's always that.
But then,
you know,
they recruit you,
you got to take on the project.
Well,
you know,
should you choose to accept it?
Should you choose to accept that they expect you to stick around as well?
Not necessarily.
Yeah.
The world's a weird stuff that people think like,
you know,
oh my God,
if you know you have sex with someone's wife and he knows he's going to kill
you,
well maybe not.
Maybe he'll take you out for a beer afterwards and you'll be friends.
This is the subject of Ari Shaffir podcast this week with our,
uh,
with Aubrey Marcus.
And they're talking about open relationships and they get super honest.
It's very intense.
I think that we live in cultural patterns and that what we see around us,
we replicate.
I think there's a lot of evidence for that.
If you just pay attention.
I forgot about studies just to look at how different people are in other parts
of the world.
People that are putting plates in their lips and rings through their nurses.
People that way,
people tattoo themselves.
The way people express themselves in dance,
like human beings vary so wildly in what we accept when we don't accept.
I was going to bring up Japan earlier.
It's one of the more fascinating uh,
travel,
uh,
experiences I've had was going to Japan.
Because when you go to Tokyo you realize like this is a completely different way
of living.
Like they have a completely different way of interacting on the streets.
They have a completely different way that they have decorated their buildings
completely.
It like I have tattoos,
they told me I had to wear long sleeves at the gym.
I had to go back and change my shirt.
They don't accept,
uh,
exposed to associated with organized crime.
Yes.
So I had to go back and a,
I mean,
there's a lot of that,
like where you realize like this is a totally different way of living,
but if I lived there,
I would live like these people.
So the,
the,
the momentum of these patterns in these cultures gets established and then it
takes something radical to lift them and to free people from these patterns.
And once they're free from these patterns,
then they have a real opportunity to objectively assess the way they behave.
And whether or not this is the way they want to behave or the way they want to
live or were there in that just expect it to because of this unthinking culture,
right?
This momentum.